fashion sence

Curtis: Hi Spencer, I thought we might talk about fashion a little bit. Could you describe to me your style or your fashion sense?

Spencer: Well my fashion sense has definitely changed over the last decade. I was kind of recently out of uni and my uni years it was always every night 
I wanted to look superb. I even dressed up for class, it was, you know, that [0:00:25.7] a big university, but it was also a very old kind of university 
where everybody dressed up all the time, very southern, very, you know, let's look good for every kind of occasion. And since graduating from there, I have,
 you know, entered the real world and I only dress up for work or if I'm going out, which I love dressing up for an occasion. But day-to-day I also love 
just throwing on a t-shirt and jeans, what about you?

Curtis: I think for me the most important thing is comfort. So my fashion sense hasn't really changed very much. I would still wear shorts and a t-shirt and 
sandals almost every day if I could. But because of my job I have to dress up for work. But it's not really comfortable and I feel like it's not really me. 
Occasionally I do like to wear a suit but maybe once in a long while, not every day.

Spencer: Yeah, it definitely after several, you know, weeks of kind of throwing on the same day-to-day comfortable clothes, and you have one occasion that 
you go out for and dress up for, it does kind of feel like, you know, oh, I'm worth a million bucks like, you know, looking great, one time you're wearing 
dressed to the nines, wearing all your best clothes.

Curtis: Right. At the same time if I do dress up I want the most comfortable clothes I can get to dress up in, like I want shoes that look nice. But to me, 
looking comfortable looks nice. If I see people who don't look comfortable in what they're wearing I don't think they look very good. So sometimes I see 
people with really tall heels for example and people might say, "Oh, this looks so nice." But I just, I feel like they must be painful, it must be really 
hard to wear and to walk in.

Spencer: That's so true, I hate heels, I cannot wear heels. Half of it's confidence though, like I don't like being particularly taller than a lot of people,
 it just kind of makes me un-confident. But every now and then like you see a really tall person wearing a pair of heels, and you know, shoulders high like 
super, super confident and they look great. But also it is painful after several hours of wearing heels if you're walking around a bit.

Curtis: Right. Sometimes I find that with men's dress shoes as well, sometimes they're really narrow and my feet are a little bit wide and so you get these 
really long and pointed dress shoes that narrow towards the toes. And because of that I have a very hard time finding dress shoes for myself. I have to do a
 lot of shopping to find a good pair.

Spencer: I got lucky, I have tiny feet, so every time I walk into a shoe store my size happens to be the one that's on display.

Curtis: Oh, I see.

Spencer: And it's really quite good, yeah. Oh, that looks cute, I can just try it on then and there, so yeah, it is good.

Curtis: Yeah.