extrovert and introvert

Abidemi: Hi. So Rory.

Rory: Yeah, hi.

Abidemi: Hi. Are you an introvert or an extrovert?

Rory: I’m not sure, you know. Sometimes I think that I’m basically an introvert. Like as I get older, I much prefer my own company.

Abidemi: Interesting.

Rory: I don’t really like going to parties that much if there’s going to be new people there. If it’s my friends, I’m happy to go out, 
but I don’t know. What about you?

Abidemi: It’s funny what you said. I feel the same way. I think sometimes I’m an introvert and other times I can be an extrovert. 
But maybe in reverse to what you said. I feel like the older I get, the more extroverted I become.

Rory: That’s interesting.

Abidemi: While I was younger, I was a lot shier, so I preferred my own company. But now I find that sometimes too, I really enjoy people. 
So I like to meet new ones. So yeah.

Rory: Yes. In the classroom, as a teacher, I’m quite an extrovert I think. I quite like being up in front of students and showing of, 
but I would never do that in front of other teachers or my friends, in my personal life.

Abidemi: Interesting.

Rory: But something about the classroom maybe because it’s my environment and I’m in control that I feel more comfortable, 
like being more extroverted and showing off, camping up.

Abidemi: I think it would be a little difficult to be introverted if you were a language teacher. I think it certainly helps to be extroverted or 
to act to be able to become more extroverted when you’re in the classroom for sure. For sure.

Rory: Yeah. And have you ever done anything really extroverted, like performed in public?

Abidemi: Before I used to sing actually, and I have sang in concerts.

Rory: Right.

Abidemi: And it’s true. I think that’s where my introverted self really comes out because although I enjoy singing and I like the attention to a 
certain extent, but I get really nervous. Really, really nervous when I’m in front of a large crowd. And sometimes I’m like, “Why am I doing this to myself? Why am I here?”

Rory: Yeah.

Abidemi: But yeah, I don’t do that so much anymore.

Rory: Right. And do you think people can change? Do you think people – because people seem to want to become more extroverted? 
It seems to be like society says extroverted people are successful people.

Abidemi: It’s true.

Rory: Do you think people can change or do you think people should try to change?

Abidemi: I’ve heard of actually people saying that depending on the language that people change with the language. 
I’ve heard of some of my students saying that when they speak in a different language, their personality actually changes, where maybe in their own language, they may be quieter. But when they speak the different language, they become a lot more extroverted.

Rory: Right.

Abidemi: It’s as if they change. So whether or not it’s a real change I think you can “fake it” quote-unquote even if you’re not an extrovert or 
an introvert. Maybe for a few hours or for the occasion. Yeah, you can pretend, and then go back.

Rory: Right. I wonder if when we speak a different language, we don’t have the same connections with the words.

Abidemi: That’s true.

Rory: It makes it easier to maybe speak more honestly and not worry about what other people think of us.

Abidemi: That’s true.