her dreams

Lindsay: Hey, Warren.
Warren: Hey, how's it going?

Lindsay: Good. I thought today we could talk about childhood dreams. When you were ten years old, what did you want to be when you grew up?

Warren: Right. Well actually it's a little embarrassing. I wanted to be a truck driver. I thought it would be really neat because you can just travel around everywhere and see different places all the time and you're always on the move. But you know I didn't become a truck driver.

Lindsay: No, you didn't become a truck driver. Why is that? When did your dream change?

Warren: Well probably when I was around fifteen I thought it would be a lot cooler to be a rock star.

Lindsay: Rock star?

Warren: Yeah, a rock star. I really liked electric guitar at the time and a lot of friends were into music as well so I didn't actually start a band but I played with a lot of different people and sometimes I would play with some bands but I never really stuck to it. But I did keep playing guitar and I ended up getting pretty good.

Lindsay: What kind of rock star did you want to be? Did you want to be like a heavy metal rock star or a grunge rock star?

Warren: I guess versatile would be the word. I liked playing a lot of heavy stuff and maybe some folk music as well, so kind of eclectic.

Lindsay: So maybe a hippie rock star?

Warren: Yeah, maybe a hippie.

Lindsay: So then when you were twenty, did you still want to be a rock star?

Warren: No I didn't but I still played guitar then. I actually wanted to be a classical guitarist by then.

Lindsay: OK. What is classical guitar?

Warren: Well it's funny you say that because it's not just classical music. Classical guitar is, for one thing it's the type of guitar. It has nylon strings, not the steel strings like you see on a folk guitar.

Lindsay: OK.

Warren: And there's different styles you can play on it like Spanish music, or flamenco, or South American music, some classical music like Beethoven and things like that, or baroque music like Bach.

Lindsay: Does it have a singer with it?

Warren: Sometimes there are singers. Usually it's solo but you can play some chamber music with other instruments as well and yes I played some pieces with vocalists but it wouldn't be pop music.

Lindsay: And so now you're older, did your dream come true? Did you become a classical guitarist?

Warren: I did but I actually decided to change my dream after I become a classical guitarist.

Lindsay: So what's your dream now?

Warren: Well my dream now is to become a university professor.

Lindsay: Oh, and are you making steps to achieve that dream?

Warren: I am actually. I'm working at a university now, not as a professor, as a part time lecturer but I'm taking some courses and studying hard and hoping that my future will allow me to become a professor.

Lindsay: OK, well unless you change your dream again, I bet you'll achieve your dream so good luck.

Warren: Great. Thank you.