small talk 

Edwin: Hey Buddhi, how ya going?

Buddhi: I'm good Edwin, how are you?

Edwin: I'm not too bad. Did you do anything last weekend?

Buddhi: Yes, I did. I went out with a bunch of friends after a very long time. And, yeah, I had a nice time.

Edwin: What did you guys do downtown?

Buddhi: First, for lunch we wanted to go out for lunch and then we did some window shopping. 
None of us had saved up enough for any actual shopping, so it was window shopping, and then we did some karaoke and we went out for some dancing. 
It was nice. I enjoyed my Saturday.

Edwin: Do you love karaoke?

Buddhi: I do. I do. I end up losing my voice the next day.

Edwin: How as the dancing? Are you a bit of a dance master?

Buddhi: I wouldn't say that. Well, I love dancing, so we had a nice time. How about you? How was your weekend?

Edwin: My weekend was alright. I just went down to the city and did a bit of shopping.

Buddhi: So, did you spend a lot?

Edwin: I spent about two hundred dollars.

Buddhi: OK.

Edwin: Bought some winter clothing, and it's getting a bit cold these days, so yeah.

Buddhi: I'm not a very winter person. Do you like winter?

Edwin: No, I don't like winter. I'm a very summer person.

Buddhi: Oh, really. Well, I don't like when it's too warm. And you like it?

Edwin: I prefer to sweat rather than freeze.

Buddhi: So do you like sea bathing and like outdoor activities?

Edwin: Yeah, I love the sun so, I like a lot of outdoor activities. It's better than being cooped up in a room.

Buddhi: In my case, I'm not a very outdoor person. But now summer. Definitely not summer. I'd say my favorite season will be spring.

Edwin: Ah, I guess, yeah. Spring is a nice time. Not too hot, not too cold.

Buddhi: Yeah, yeah. Especially, I guess because I'm from a tropical country, and we are used to that kind of weather.

Edwin: I see. I guess Australia's summer's not so tropical. It's just a lot of dry.

Buddhi: Yeah.

Edwin: So, I guess Sri Lanka in Australia is really different?

Buddhi: It's quite warm, and throughout the year, it's quite hot, warm and in the hill country, you'll feel that it's like fall. 
You'll wanna wear, you know, some warm clothes, but it's really nice, you know you feel like having something cold or, being a bit cold, 
you go to the hill country. If now, you stay in the beach area.